
https://www.datasciencecentral.com/
, Edit, Data Science Central is the indust
ry's online resource for data practitioners. From Statistics to Analytics to Ma
chine Learning to AI, Data Science Central provides a community experience that
 includes a rich editorial platform, social interaction, forum-based support, p
lus the latest information on technology, tools, trends, and careers., 
Posted 
by Mike Powell on January 26, 2021 at 2:00pm 
0 Comments

0 Likes


, 
Posted b
y Vincent Granville on January 25, 2021 at 5:00pm 
0 Comments

0 Likes


, 
Pos
ted by Stephanie Glen on January 25, 2021 at 4:30pm 
0 Comments

0 Likes


, 
P
osted by Kurt A Cagle on January 25, 2021 at 11:00am 
0 Comments

0 Likes


, 

Posted by Kirsten Lloyd on January 25, 2021 at 9:00am 
0 Comments

0 Likes


, 

Posted by Pragati Pa on January 25, 2021 at 1:00am 
0 Comments

0 Likes


, 
P
osted by ajit jaokar on January 24, 2021 at 10:30am 
0 Comments

1 Like


, 
Po
sted by Jonathan Symonds on January 24, 2021 at 7:30am 
0 Comments

0 Likes


,
 
Posted by Laura Jean on January 22, 2021 at 10:00am 
0 Comments

3 Likes


, 

Posted by Betsy on January 22, 2021 at 5:40am 
0 Comments

0 Likes


, 
Added 
by Sean Welch 
0 Comments

0 Likes


, 
Added by Sean Welch 
1 Comment

1 Like



, 
Added by Kuldeep Jiwani 
0 Comments

2 Likes


, 
Added by Sean Welch 
0 C
omments

2 Likes


, 
Added by Sean Welch 
0 Comments

1 Like


, 
Added by Sea
n Welch 
0 Comments

2 Likes


, 
Added by Tim Matteson 
0 Comments

2 Likes



, 
Added by Sean Welch 
0 Comments

3 Likes


, 
Added by Sean Welch 
0 Comment
s

1 Like


, Welcome toData Science Central, Sign Upor Sign In, 
© 2021   Tech
Target, Inc.  
Powered by

 , 
Badges  | 
Report an Issue  | 
Privacy Policy  |
 
Terms of Service
, Please check your browser settings or contact your system 
administrator., Most Popular Content on DSC, To not miss this type of content i
n the future, subscribe to our newsletter., Other popular resources, Archives: 
2008-2014 |
2015-2016 |
2017-2019 |
Book 1 |
Book 2 |
More
, Follow us: Twitter
 | Facebook, Most popular articles

Free Book and Resources for DSC Members
New
 Perspectives on Statistical Distributions and Deep Learning
Time series, Growt
h Modeling and Data Science Wizardy
Statistical Concepts Explained in Simple En
glish
Machine Learning Concepts Explained in One Picture
Comprehensive Reposito
ry of Data Science and ML Resources
Advanced Machine Learning with Basic Excel

Difference between ML, Data Science, AI, Deep Learning, and Statistics
Selected
 Business Analytics, Data Science and ML articles
How to Automatically Determin
e the Number of Clusters in your Data
Fascinating New Results in the Theory of 
Randomness

Hire a Data Scientist |
Search DSC |
Find a Job
Post a Blog |
Forum
 Questions

, 

Free Book and Resources for DSC Members
New Perspectives on Sta
tistical Distributions and Deep Learning
Time series, Growth Modeling and Data 
Science Wizardy
Statistical Concepts Explained in Simple English
Machine Learni
ng Concepts Explained in One Picture
Comprehensive Repository of Data Science a
nd ML Resources
Advanced Machine Learning with Basic Excel
Difference between M
L, Data Science, AI, Deep Learning, and Statistics
Selected Business Analytics,
 Data Science and ML articles
How to Automatically Determine the Number of Clus
ters in your Data
Fascinating New Results in the Theory of Randomness

Hire a D
ata Scientist |
Search DSC |
Find a Job
Post a Blog |
Forum Questions



https:
//datasci.columbian.gwu.edu/
,  , EXPERT PROBLEM SOLVERS 
Meeting the world’s d
emand for data-driven solutions,  , ,  , Nearly every profession relies on data
 to succeed. And with the huge quantities of digital information being collecte
d and exchanged in today’s marketplace, the demand for trained data scientists 
is higher than ever., The STEM-designated Data Science Program at GW's Columbia
n College of Arts and Sciences prepares students to meet that need and enter co
mpetitive careers in government, technology, private industry and much more.,  
, COVID-19 Resources &amp; Updates,  , , Jaquan Outlaw, MS ’18, "The data commu
nity is huge here in Washington, D.C. From politics to health to technology, a 
lot of companies are just so interested in data science.", Data science experts
 learn how to make sense of massive data sets, and they use that information to
 improve the way we live, work and communicate. Whether forecasting stock marke
t trends, constructing a social media profile for a marketing client or capturi
ng GIS locations for disaster relief, Data Science Program students become adep
t at meeting today’s most pressing challenges., Alongside classwork, students s
trengthen their résumés with the practical knowledge required for data-intensiv
e jobs. The program offers access to partnerships with numerous startups, compa
nies and agencies, connecting students with internships and careers at employer
s like Amazon, Booz Allen Hamilton, Capitol One, D.C. Government, the National 
Institutes of Health, Oracle, the U.S. Department of Defense and more., Degree 
Programs,  , Tailai Jin (MS '17) led a team of five data science students to pa
rticipate in the Virginia Datathon. The team analyzed text mining on job descri
ptions in Virginia cities, and their final product was a job recommendation sys
tem based on user-input preferences and keywords.,  , , Corcoran Hall
725 21st 
St. NW, Room 426
Washington, D.C. 20052, Phone: 202-994-6302
Email: ,  , Suppor
t Data Science, Contact Us, Alumni Resources, Columbian College of Arts &amp; S
ciences

https://www.dominodatalab.com/
Products, Platform Components, Use Case
s, By Role, By Industry, Senior Data Scientist, Data Manager, Chief Data Scient
ist, Senior Director, Data Science, Get self-serve access to the latest tools a
nd scalable compute. Reuse past work and iterate more efficiently., Manage the 
availability of powerful data science resources in a secure and governed system
-of-record., Expedite model consumption with apps, APIs, and more – and ensure 
their accuracy for key decisions., Make data science teams more productive and 
collaborative, and manage their work more efficiently., Eric Huls, Chief Data &
amp; Analytics Officer, Allstate, Read the Case Study », Learn More », Notebook
-Based Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning, Q3 2020, © 2021 Domino Data L
ab, Inc., Made in San Francisco.

http://datascienceacademy.com.br/blog/
An app
ropriate representation of the requested resource could not be found on this se
rver. This error was generated by Mod_Security.

https://www.datascience.columb
ia.edu/
We train the next generation of data scientists, develop innovative tec
hnology, and foster collaborations to address pressing societal problems., 350+
, affiliated faculty across 18 Columbia schools, We have accelerated the pace o
f discovery by working on five of society’s most challenging problems.     

, 
Our centers are engines of translational research and education in the data sci
ences, and a source of technology with high commercialization potential.   , We
 explore the design, analysis, and application of massive-scale computing syste
ms for processing data., We develop the capacity to keep data secure and privat
e throughout its lifetime. , We use data generated by people and data about peo
ple to understand human behavior., We develop analytical and computational tool
s to manage risk and to support decisions using the growing volume and variety 
of data available.  , We conduct core research on problems that cut across the 
data sciences and engineering., We work to improve the health of individuals an
d the health care system through data-driven methods and understanding of healt
h processes. , We study the physical aspects of sensing, generating, collecting
, storing, transporting, and processing large data sets. , We develop, monitor,
 and improve infrastructure, buildings, transportation routes, the power supply
, and everyday activities in crowded, urban environments. , We offer interdisci
plinary data science graduate programs with part-time, full-time, and online st
udy options., "It's great to work at such a data-driven company, but it's also 
a good thing that all of us DSI alums know how to properly handle data, detect 
biases, and be meticulous when it comes to building models because it really ma
tters."  , Danielle Su, Data Scientist at IBM Marketing, "I began my journey as
 a part-time student while working in finance...I knew that the fast-paced worl
d of technology was more in line with my long-term career objectives and decide
d to pursue my degree on a full-time basis.", Emily Cassell, Data Engineer at S
hutterfly

https://datascience.nd.edu/
University of Notre Dame, College of Sci
ence, 

, The power of big data isn’t found in an algorithm. The power of data 
comes from talented data scientists who know why, how, and when to use it. In t
he hands of these data scientists, data can inform critical business decisions,
 shape social discourse, even change the world for the better. That’s why Notre
 Dame focuses on developing highly-trained, ethical leaders in data science — l
eaders who combine expert technical and mathematical skills with critical think
ing and a deep understanding of how their work impacts the world we live in., N
otre Dame’s Online Master's in Data Science program is offered by the Departmen
t of Applied and Computational Mathematics &amp; Statistics (ACMS) and prepares
 graduates for immediate career growth and long-term success as data scientists
., Go To Master's Program, This six-week program will introduce participants to
 the basic methods of machine learning and big data, as

applied to process imp
rovement challenges., Go To Executive Certificate, 

, Are you interested in he
aring what our program is like from a student perspective? Watch this informati
on session to find out the student perspective of this online program., 

, The
 Online Data Science courses fit together as parts of an integrated whole, prov
iding students with the technical skills, quantitative aptitude and analytical 
insight required by industry., 

, Are you looking for more information on the 
online master's program? Click here to download our view book!, , , , , January
 07, 2021, September 22, 2020, 
Time:
Tue, Feb  9 at 12:00 pm  - 

          12
:30 pm
, Location: Zoom Webinar , 
Time:
Sun, Mar  7, All Day

, Data Science, 


Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA

Phone 574-631-7992
datascience@nd.edu
, © 2021 Univ
ersity of Notre Dame

https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/data-science
When a butte
rfly flaps its wings what happens? Does it fly away and move on to another flow
er or is there a spike in the rotation of wind turbines in the British Isles. L
earn data science today and enter a world where we work to create order out of 
chaos that will blow you away!, Want to learn Data Science? We recommend that y
ou start with this learning path. Dust off your lab-coat and stretch out your f
ingers and get ready for the journey of a lifetime that will have you see the e
veryday through a new lens. Looking at mundane events becomes interesting from 
the speed of your windshield wipers wiping off the rain to the rate of plant gr
owth in ditches along highways under different conditions. As the study that le
ads into all things pertinent to humans in present, this path is a must for all
 who have even the slightest interest in this field. This learning path current
ly consists of one course that introduces you to Data Science from a practition
er point of view, to courses that discuss topics such as data compilation, prep
aration and modeling throughout the life-cycle of data science from basic conce
pts and methodologies to advanced algorithms. It also discusses how to get some
 practical knowledge with open source tools. Come along and start your journey 
to receiving the following badges: Data Science Foundations., Aspiring Data Sci
entists, Beginner, Our learning paths are designed to build on the content lear
ned in the first course and then build upon the concepts in courses that follow
. We recommend that they are completed in the order outlined in this learning p
ath to ensure you get the most out of your investment of time. If you like what
 you see here, come and discover other learning paths and browse our course cat
alog., This badge earner has a solid understanding of data science methodologie
s, and tools. The individual also has a hands-on appreciation of programming la
nguages to use in data science tasks., I consent to allow Cognitive Class to us
e cookies to capture product usage analytics. The data from these cookies will 
only be used for product usage on Cognitive Class domains, and this usage data 
will not be shared outside of Cognitive Class. The product usage will be used f
or business reporting and product usage understanding.

https://datascience.ucs
d.edu/
Visit UC San Diego’s Coronavirus portal for the latest information for t
he campus community., See All,   View More… 

https://www.extension.harvard.edu
/academics/professional-graduate-certificates/data-science-certificate
Derive p
redictive insights by applying advanced statistics, modeling, and programming s
kills. Acquire in-depth knowledge of machine learning and computational techniq
ues. Unearth important questions and intelligence for a range of industries, fr
om product design to finance., No application is required. You simply register 
for graduate courses during our fall, spring, or summer registration periods. ,
 Prior knowledge in statistics and basic programming is recommended for this ce
rtificate. If you do not have a strong background in statistics, start with an 
introductory statistics course, such as STAT E-100 before beginning this certif
icate., The Data Science Certificate will be difficult for students with no pri
or knowledge of Python. If you do not have a background in programming, you sho
uld consider first taking CSCI E-7. You may wish to consider our Programming Ce
rtificate., To meet the requirements for the certificate, you must:, Learn more
 about pursuing a certificate and the process of requesting your certificate., 
The professional graduate certificate in Data Science requires four courses:, D
etermine the course progression that is right for you using our recommended cou
rse paths., Find certificate courses,  , If you’re also considering a master’s 
degree, select certificate courses can be counted toward a related degree field
 of study., Learn to apply systematic engineering principles to the design, con
struction, and maintenance of large software applications., Explore the master’
s degree program in data science. , Start or advance a career as a web develope
r with the web technologies certificate at Harvard Extension School., Our Enrol
lment Services team can answer questions about our certificates., Number of cou
rses for this certificate. (You may complete all online.), Cost of completing t
he certificate courses, at current tuition rates., Number of years, on average,
 it takes to complete this certificate. You may take up to three years., Learn 
more about requirements, Copyright ©2021 President and Fellows of Harvard Colle
ge

https://www.cs.usc.edu/academic-programs/masters/data-science/

